# The City Gtz 16u Baseball slid by the Top Tier Swarm 2025 (13-8)

The table below represents the two teams that played.

| Teams      | Runs |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| The City Gtz 16u Baseball      | 13       |
| Top Tier Swarm 2025   | 9        |

The table below represents the box score of the baseball game.

|				| 1 | 2	| 3 | 4	| 5 | 6	| 7 | R	 | H  | E |
|-------------------------------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|----|----|---|
| The City Gtz 16u Baseball 	| 7 | 6	| 0 | 0	| 0 | 0	| X | 13 | 11 | 5 |
| Top Tier Swarm 2025		| 1 | 0	| 4 | 0	| 3 | X	| X | 8	 | 7  | 1 |


**The City Gtz 16u Baseball highlights:**

Daniel Tartaglia (2025, FL) pitched for The City Gtz 16u Baseball allowing 6 hits and 1 walk, striking out 5 batters in 4.1 innings. Tartaglia worked consistently in the 72-74 mph range and complemented their fastball with a 64-mph curveball.

Ethan Jimenez (2025, FL) led the way for the The City Gtz 16u Baseball offense going 2-2 with 1 double and 1 run scored. Jimenez is hitting .333 through 3 games.

Anthony Lugo (2025, FL) went 2-3 in the game. Lugo is hitting .500 through 3 games.

Oscar Hernandez (2025, FL) went 1-2 with 1 double and 2 runs scored. Hernandez is hitting .500 through 2 games.

8 players had at least one run batted in (RBI) for The City Gtz 16u Baseball: Ethan Jimenez (2), Anthony Lugo (1), Elias Magnone (2), Oscar Hernandez (2), Rowen Plasencia (2), Mason Lastra (1), Lazaro Menendez (1), Jake Pearcy (1).


**Top Tier Swarm 2025 highlights:**

Rue Hannah (2025, FL) pitched for Top Tier Swarm 2025 allowing 1 hit and 5 walks, striking out 4 batters in 3.0 innings. Hannah worked consistently in the 71-73 mph range and complemented their fastball with a 64-mph curveball.

Alex Fisher (2024, FL) led the way for the Top Tier Swarm 2025 offense going 1-3 in the game. Fisher is hitting .375 through 3 games.

Aj Medina (2025, FL) went 2-3 with 3 runs scored. Medina is hitting .500 through 3 games.

Brisen Tweedy (2025, FL) went 1-3 with 1 run scored. Tweedy is hitting .714 through 3 games.

4 players had at least one run batted in (RBI) for Top Tier Swarm 2025: Aj Medina (2), Alex Fisher (1), Brisen Tweedy (3), Will Pilon (2).
